EHR-Management-System/
│
├── blockchain/
│   ├── contracts/
│   ├── network/
│   └── scripts/
│
├── backend/
│   ├── app.py
│   ├── requirements.txt
│   └── models.py
│
└── frontend/
    ├── src/
    │   ├── App.vue
    │   ├── main.js
    │   └── components/
    ├── package.json
    └── vue.config.js
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


2. Review the Code
You can open the files in your code editor (like Visual Studio Code, Atom, etc.) to see the code we've written. Here’s a brief overview of the important files:

Smart Contract (EHR.sol):

Contains the logic for adding and retrieving medical records on the blockchain.
Migration File (2_deploy_contracts.js):

Handles the deployment of the smart contract to the blockchain.
Backend Server (server.js):

Implements the Express server that communicates with the blockchain and exposes endpoints for adding and retrieving records.
Frontend Components (RecordForm.js and App.js):

RecordForm.js: A form for users to input patient data and submit it to the backend.
App.js: The main component that renders the title and the record form.
3. Running the Applications
To see everything in action, you can run the backend and frontend applications. Here's how:

3.1 Running the Smart Contract
Start Ganache: Open Ganache and make sure it is running. This will provide a local blockchain environment.

Deploy the Smart Contract: In your terminal, navigate to the EHRBlockchain directory and run:

bash
Insert Code
Edit
Copy code
truffle migrate --network development
This will deploy the smart contract to the local Ganache blockchain.

3.2 Running the Backend
Open a terminal and navigate to the backend directory.

Start the Express server:

bash
Insert Code
Edit
Copy code
node server.js
You should see a message indicating that the server is running, typically at http://localhost:3000.

3.3 Running the Frontend
Open a new terminal and navigate to the frontend directory.

Start the React application:

bash
Insert Code
Edit
Copy code
npm start
This will open your default web browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000, where you can see the UI for adding medical records.

4. Testing the Application
Add a Medical Record: Use the form provided in the frontend to input patient data and submit it. This data will be sent to the backend, 
which will interact with the smart contract to store the data on the blockchain.

Retrieve a Medical Record: You can create another API endpoint in the backend to retrieve records, or you can use tools like Postman to test the /getRecord/:patientId endpoint.

5. Review and Next Steps
Code Review: Go through each file and understand the logic and structure.
Documentation: Consider documenting your code and processes for future reference.
Next Steps: If you're ready, you can proceed to implement security measures, testing, and further enhancements to the system.
By following these steps, you can see everything we've done so far and how the different components interact with each other in the Blockchain Enhanced EHR Management System.
If you have any specific questions or need further clarification on any part, feel free to ask!
